(Episode 2)
Why did you want us to meet?
There's no particular reason.
It's just us.
He's in a bad mood because we are making his wife work.
Why don't you at least pretend to be helping?
I can't be of help to her.
You said it yourself...
that you can smell paint from the food I cook with my hands.
Hey, did you guys start already?
- Hi, you're here. - Hello.
What? How did you get in?
The passcode is In Ho's birthday.
Hey, it seems like you still haven't changed it.
Come on. You should change it.
Jin Joo.
Come on. Why don't you say hello to me?
Are you too pretty to say hi?
Yes.
- Gosh. - Goodness.
- You are pretty indeed. - Well done.
I'm in the bathroom.
I know.
What is it?
Come on.
Hey. You little witch.
Did you get a new nose job?
Gosh, you're the only one who recognizes the difference.
I bet Tae Suk wouldn't recognize even if my whole face changed.
I know.
Gosh, you know...
you should have married me, right?
We make a good team.
We are compatible.
In what other area...
are you saying that we are compatible?
Oh, my goodness. Do you hear yourself? Seriously.
It's really upsetting.
It's really hard to forget about that.
- I mean it. - Hey.
- Come here. - No.
You shouldn't have a vague memory of that event.
- Of course I remember. - Gosh.
- I understand. - Goodness.
Hold on. Let me refresh your memory quickly.
- Gosh. - It won't take long.
It will only take a minute.
Gosh.
Honey, should we open up another bottle of wine?
Sure.
- Hey. - What?
I'll have some white wine.
Sure.
Are we expecting another guest?
If you're not going to be polite, at least try not to show it.
Learn it from Jin Joo.
Look at her pretending like nothing happened.
Let me get that.
What is he going on about?
Wipe your lips.
- Is it still on my face? - You little... Gosh.
Come on, Jin Joo. You little witch. Unbelievable.
In Ho, you have a guest.
Let me see who it is.
I'm coming.
Is Na Ra inside?
Na Ra.
Mi Jung.
It's nice to meet you, everyone.
I'm glad you're here.
- This is for you. - Thank you.
Come this way.
What's wrong with you?
What do you mean?
Did you invite her?
Why? I wasn't supposed to?
You should've told me then.
You crazy jerk.
I was just trying to have some fun.
What? "Have some fun"?
It was done out of respect for my best friend...
who got his mistress move into the town house.
- Let's just say that. - Don't you dare get smart with me.
You're about to hit me.
Between friends,
a friendship is shared, not punches.
I told you not to get smart with me.
If you're going to have an affair, you shouldn't let this rile you up.
Don't you...
Don't you dare speak of the affair.
Did I ask her to move?
No, she moved here...
You always...
blame other people.
Wherever she lives doesn't change the fact.
You're making it too obvious. At this rate,
you're going to get caught. Okay?
Thank you.
Here.
My gosh, Na Ra is going through a lot of trouble.
She has one more mouth to feed.
I'm sorry, Na Ra.
Don't say that.
You brought an expensive wine. I should be apologizing.
Here you go.
- Thank you. - My pleasure.
Anyway, what line of work is the new neighbor in?
You said you run a bar, right?
Yes, I run a wine bar in Cheongdam-dong.
Is that why you look familiar?
I thought for a second that she was In Ho's ex-lover.
I don't think...
I'm In Ho's type.
I mean, Na Ra is... How should I put it?
She's elegantly beautiful.
Tell us.
What do you think of me?
You saw right through me.
You're definitely not my type.
Oh, my! Have you gone mad?
- I'm sorry! - Do you know how much this is?
- Goodness, how dirty. - Dear me.
Hey, you jerk. Hey.
- Mi Jung, this wine is really good. - Please elaborate on...
what you just said.
You're vulgar, do whatever you want,
and delude yourself...
that you can charm guys with such qualities.
I'm sorry, Mi Jung.
Please apologize to her. Your joke went out of the line.
In Ho.
Oh, my stomach.
This is so much fun!
I didn't know I was so careless.
Exactly.
Joon Hee.
Oh, no.
Joon... Joon Hee. Are you okay?
Yes. Sorry. Excuse me.
This is so annoying. What kind of a dinner is this?
What? I like the drama.
Me too. Tae Suk has my vote.
This is so much fun.
Seriously.
I need my drugs.
Snap out of it.
You're already addicted.
Stab me. Stab me, you jerk.
Just send me my drugs.
Your being here is absolutely the worst.
Don't try to weasel your way out of it.
You were acting out of character.
I was so ashamed that I thought I was going to cry.
- Should I do the dishes? - Don't change the subject.
It was nothing. I just wasn't feeling so good.
Having a stranger there made me more sensitive.
Would you apologize for me?
I hate you.
You can't touch me for the next few days as punishment.
Just hit me instead. Just hit me.
Darn it.
You're such a child.
Are you going to sleep once you finish cleaning up?
Yes, I should.
Good.
- I need to step out. - What? This late?
It's raining outside.
Don't ask why. Can you go to sleep first?
Is something really up?
You don't look so good.
Come on. If you look at me so pretty like that,
I can't leave.
Just answer one question. Is it important or serious?
It's neither. It's just something...
I need to do.
Call me when you're done.
Be careful.
- I'll be right back. - Okay.
- You should get going now. - Goodnight.
[VIU Ver] E02 Return "How Could She Suddenly Be Dead?"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
How pretty.
You'll be in trouble if we get into an accident now.
Well, no one would cry for me.
But how would your angelic wife,
who trusts her husband completely, react?
Hey. When you make a joke,
at least someone should enjoy it.
Who enjoyed your joke today?
Tell me!
It was enjoyable for me.
And thrilling.
Move out right now.
- Why should I? - You little...
Will you keep hanging around me like this?
I'm close with Na Ra.
Should I ask her then?
Don't be ridiculous.
What are you doing? Give me that.
Hi, Mi Jung.
Goodness.
Why did it get disconnected?
She must've called by mistake.
You should smile.
You look cutest when you smile.
Hey.
Hey. If my sleeping with you...
created some misconception that I'll return to you, tell me.
Let's not see each other ever again in any way, shape, or form.
Do you want to protect your wife...
or your family?
Na Ra is my family,
and my family is meaningless without her.
What about me?
Hey. You're just...
Well, you're a toilet. You're like a toilet.
I can let it out whenever I want, and if I don't need it,
I just close...
Fine. Okay. Let's stop.
If you need money, I'll give you money.
- If you need a house, I'll... - Die.
Just die! Just die already!
Die! Die!
Hey!
- Die, you jerk! You scumbag! Die! - Hey.
- Stop it! - Let go!
- What are you doing? - Are you kidding me?
Seriously. What are you trying to pull?
Hey. My gosh.
Get out.
How could you do this to me?
(One week later, December 4)
So the owner didn't come in today either?
That's right.
How could the owner not come in for days?
To be honest,
she was here last time when you came.
But this time, I'm telling you the truth.
She hasn't come in for a week, and we can't even reach her.
Did that happen before?
We couldn't reach her once when she was traveling abroad,
but she never failed to show up without telling us first.
You'd better not be lying.
Hey, Dong Bae. We need to put Yum Mi Jung on the wanted list.
Where did she go? She left her phone off too.
Be careful of driving at night.
What kind of psycho left this here?
That was so close.
I'm going to...
What is that?
Help! Is anyone out there?
Why is an officer from Seoul interested in a body...
that was found in Paju of the Gyeonggi province?
I was searching for her while investigating a drug case.
She's too young and pretty to have died. How old is she?
She's 38. Her name is Yum Mi Jung.
She has a young face.
She will still be 38 after 10 years.
But what is this?
These are Roman numerals. 99.
I see.
At least try to keep your manners.
I'm 15 years older than you.
That's nothing to brag about.
Okay, fine. Just tell me the cause of death.
She drowned.
What's interesting is that I found rocuronium in her body.
It's an anesthetic drug that is used in hospitals.
And it was injected in her muscles, not her veins.
What does that mean?
The killer drowned her while her body was slowly being paralyzed.
It means that the killer watched her die.
That's immeasurable rage.
Three of her ribs were broken, but I couldn't find any bleeding.
I think the ribs were broken from the car accident though.
Anything else?
One of her front teeth was broken.
It could be an interference phenomenon.
It means that the front tooth could have been broken before the murder.
Let me see.
All right.
You're right.
I found only one of her earrings.
I found someone else's DNA from her ring and underneath her nails.
This is a pretty clean corpse.
When is the time of death?
There's a sign of the corpse being refrigerated.
So I think there will be many errors in assessing the time of death.
Anyway, good luck!
Okay.
(Evidence 1, Evidence 2)
(Evidence 4)
(Evidence 8)
Where does Yum Mi Jung live?
Gosh, this is annoying.
This is going to tarnish the reputation of our townhouse.
The value is going to dive now.
Anyway, we must screen the qualifications of the tenants.
Just like the hearing at the National Assembly.
We must list this as one of the agendas in our meeting.
Please!
Would you please cut it out?
Someone just died. It's not the time to worry about our townhouse.
I feel like I've been slapped in the face while sleeping.
Then what else should we worry about at a time like this?
Hey, am I the only snob here?
This house doesn't look like someone actually lived here.
What a peculiar woman.
Her house looks like a model home.
This is a bleak house.
Did you look into Yum Mi Jung's life before she was killed?
Yes, I looked into her credit card statements.
There's one establishment she regularly visited.
Where is that?
You keep the surveillance footage only up to six months ago,
so there's no footage dating before June. Is that right?
Yes, that's right.
In that case, let's start from June.
Stop.
That's her, right?
She's alone.
Please show us the footage on July 17.
(Prince Hotel)
The footage on the 12th, please.
And the footage on June 26.
Why does she stay in the same hotel room for three hours alone...
4 to 5 times a month?
Maybe she was with someone that can't be seen at the hotel.
I get the feeling this is going to require my persistence and patience.
If you don't want to stay here all night, keep up the good work.
Let me read you off the dates.
Please make a copy of the footage from the parking lot, elevator,
and everywhere else connected to the rooms on those dates.
Why do you have so many meetings?
Did you drink a lot?
I only had a few.
Oh, right.
You haven't heard, right?
How could you know? I didn't tell you.
It's about that woman who lives in 302.
Mi Jung...
is dead.
You're shocked too, right?
When I heard the news, all my limbs started to shake.
The detectives have been coming to the townhouse for several days.
They even asked me some questions too.
How could this happen?
Poor Mi Jung. I feel so sorry for her.
What's up?
What is it?
- It's dark. Turn on the light. - Don't.
Don't.
What's gotten into you?
Did you have a fight with Na Ra?
Hey.
Where did you get those scratches on your face?
Tae Suk.
Mi Jung...
Mi Jung... Mi Jung...
is dead.
What are you talking about?
- How could she suddenly be dead? - I don't know! I don't know either.
Didn't you meet with her after the dinner on that night?
How... How did you know that?
I talked to her on the phone.
I thought the way she left that dinner was strange,
but she told me you two were going to meet.
After that day,
I never saw her again.
Hey, what's your point?
Don't be so defensive.
I didn't mean anything by it.
No, I'm sorry.
I... I'm just anxious.
Did you find something?
He always showed up in the parking lot...
30 minutes after Yum Mi Jung checked into the hotel.
And he's the only guy who always left the hotel 30 minutes before...
she checked out.
Do you think I've been lounging around?
The suitcase we found her in...
is a limited edition of a designer suitcase. Only 50 were sold here.
A serial number is attached to each suitcase too.
Then does it mean we can track the number and find who purchased it?
Yes, I have already requested the brand to find out who bought it.
As soon as the purchaser is found, they'll fax the information to us.
My goodness, Dong Bae.
Great, great. Well done. Good job, Dong Bae.
Goodness, you're awesome.
(Gangdong Precinct)
I'm with the police.
Hi, what brings you here?
Is Mr. Kang In Ho home?
May I ask what this is about?
Mr. Kang In Ho?
Yes.
Do you know Ms. Yum Mi Jung?
Mr. Kang In Ho.
You are under arrest for murdering and abandoning the body of Ms. Yum.
Wait. Hold on.
What... What is he talking about?
The legal TV show, Return, starts now.
(Return)
I can't tolerate anyone who threatens my family.
He killed her somewhere else.
Stellarium Penthouse.
Get my attorney. I want my attorney!
I'm Mr. Kang In Ho's attorney.
We have to get In Ho out no matter what.
With whom were you at the penthouse?
In Ho's lawyer came to me and asked about that day.
You deleted the video from the dash cam, right?
Let me ask you again. Did you kill Yum Mi Jung?
No.